README.md, before:

# find-roadmap

![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)

Collection of roadmaps/full tutorials, for helping people find tutorials of a topic.

To find a roadmap, click the topic in the [table of contents](#table-of-contents), and check the section.

If you can't find a roadmap, you can [create an issue](https://github.com/ascodeasice/find-roadmap/issues/new/choose) for asking it, or open a PR for adding a new topic/roadmap for it.

For more details about asking roadmap/add roadmap, please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Table of Contents

- [find-roadmap](#find-roadmap)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Collection](#collection)
  - [Programming Languages](#programming-languages)
    - [Python](#python)
    - [JavaScript](#javascript)
  - [Skill](#skill)
    - [Frontend](#frontend)
    - [Backend](#backend)
    - [React](#react)
  - [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Collection

- [Developer Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/): a website that has roadmap for many topics, such as frontend, backend, and more.

## Programming Languages

### Python

### JavaScript

## Skill

### Frontend

### Backend

### React

## Acknowledgements

This project is inspired by [Developer Roadmap](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap) for sharing roadmaps with others.

Commit message:

doc(README.md): remove titles, add links from the odin project

README.md, after:

# find-roadmap

![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)

Collection of roadmaps/full tutorials, for helping people find tutorials of a topic.

To find a roadmap, click the topic in the [table of contents](#table-of-contents), and check the section.

If you can't find a roadmap, you can [create an issue](https://github.com/ascodeasice/find-roadmap/issues/new/choose) for asking it, or open a PR for adding a new topic/roadmap for it.

For more details about asking roadmap/add roadmap, please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Table of Contents

- [find-roadmap](#find-roadmap)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Collection](#collection)
  - [Programming Languages](#programming-languages)
  - [Skill](#skill)
    - [Frontend](#frontend)
    - [Backend](#backend)
    - [Fullstack](#fullstack)
  - [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Collection

- [Developer Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/): a website that has roadmap for many topics, such as frontend, backend, and more.

## Programming Languages

## Skill

### Frontend

- [Foundations | The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/foundations/courses/foundations): A foundation course for learning basic html, css, javascript and git. Helps you learn frontend through building projects.

### Backend

### Fullstack

- [Full Stack JavaScript | The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript): Full MERN stack curriculum after the [foundation](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/foundations/courses/foundations), learn more advanced html and css, building projects with MongoDB, Express.js, React, Node.js

- [Full Stack Ruby on Rails | The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-ruby-on-rails)

## Acknowledgements

This project is inspired by [Developer Roadmap](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap) for sharing roadmaps with others.
